\section{Suggested team} \label{sec:team}

In \secref{sec:items} some \gls{software} products are listed which a team could potentially look after.
These are all summit support items which are used and needed for operations.
They are a mixture of front and back end capabilities and would require interaction with TSSW and \gls{DM}.
So this team would be a DevOps type team with full \gls{stack} capability and skills to debug all levels on the summit.

There are a few people in T\&S already working in the or related areas, such as Rob, Michael, Tiago and Merlin.
However all have other roles/jobs so we believe there is a shortage of at least one full \gls{stack} engineer if not two in this area.


If this \gls{software} is to be supported on call and 24/7 the team would need to be much larger.


\subsection{Where would the team sit}
TSSW is the closest to this topic so it could be a group in TSSW.
It is not clear if there is an equivalent \gls{NOIRLab} structure for summit support \gls{software} which
a mixture between Science processing, \gls{QA} tools, \gls{monitoring} and control software.

It could also come out directly under \gls{ROO}.

A further topic for discussion is the overall coordination of software in \VRO  \gls{Operations} - a role not currently in the operations plan and for which an Joint \gls{Operations} \gls{Review} recommendation remains pending\jira{PREOPS-3521}

